README.md, before:

# Gitting to know you
Fill in the text below with your own answers to each question. Each person in your group should submit their answers in a separate commit, but all of your answers should appear together in the file. Please add your answers after the `>` character so your answers will appear as quotes in the rendered markdown. To make it clear who has written each response, please preface each answer with your first name. For example, if Jordan writes a response to the question "What is your favorite typographical symbol?" the line should read "> Jordan: My favorite typographical symbol is the octothorp." 

## About You
What are your names as they appear on the class roster?
> Linh Pham

What do you prefer to be called?
> Linh

What are your GitHub usernames?
> linhpha

Why are you taking this course?
> To fulfill the major requirement

Do you have any concerns about this course?
> Work load and early hours

Look over the course schedule page. Which scheduled topics look most interesting to you?
> Concurrency and Threads

Do you have any questions about the course?
> N/A

Do you have any other questions for me?
> N/A

## About this course
You can work together to submit one set of answers to these questions where appropriate. Refer to the [course syllabus](http://www.cs.grinnell.edu/~curtsinger/teaching/2018S/CSC213/syllabus/) for course policies.

What work will contribute to your grade in this class?
> ...

What happens if you miss a day of class because you are sick or your alarm doesn't go off?
> ...

What happens if you turn in a lab late?
> ...

On what day will you give a presentation on your final project for this course?
> ...

Where can you find our course textbook?
> ...

When are you free during my scheduled office hours?
> ...

Commit message:

Add Sooji's info + about this course

README.md, after:

# Gitting to know you
Fill in the text below with your own answers to each question. Each person in your group should submit their answers in a separate commit, but all of your answers should appear together in the file. Please add your answers after the `>` character so your answers will appear as quotes in the rendered markdown. To make it clear who has written each response, please preface each answer with your first name. For example, if Jordan writes a response to the question "What is your favorite typographical symbol?" the line should read "> Jordan: My favorite typographical symbol is the octothorp." 

## About You
What are your names as they appear on the class roster?
> Linh Pham
> Sooji Son

What do you prefer to be called?
> Linh
> Sooji

What are your GitHub usernames?
> linhpha
> soojison

Why are you taking this course?
> To fulfill the major requirement
> Yes, to fulfill my major requirement but also I've never learned anything formal about OS'es so it should be fun!

Do you have any concerns about this course?
> Work load and early hours
> Yes... the work load.... and waking up on time....

Look over the course schedule page. Which scheduled topics look most interesting to you?
> Concurrency and Threads
> The section about GPUs!

Do you have any questions about the course?
> N/A
> ??

Do you have any other questions for me?
> N/A
> Have/will you get a dog and will you bring them to the CS floor?

## About this course
You can work together to submit one set of answers to these questions where appropriate. Refer to the [course syllabus](http://www.cs.grinnell.edu/~curtsinger/teaching/2018S/CSC213/syllabus/) for course policies.

What work will contribute to your grade in this class?
> Attendance (if you miss a lot), participation, assignments, labs, and project

What happens if you miss a day of class because you are sick or your alarm doesn't go off?
> If we are sick, then we shouldn't come to class. There is no penalty for missing regular classes, but if we miss the lab section, the penalty can be as large as 20% on the lab. But, if we let you know a week in advance, or provie permission from SHACS the penalty shouldn't apply. 

What happens if you turn in a lab late?
> Labs will be penalized one full letter grade/day late.

On what day will you give a presentation on your final project for this course?
> Presentation is on the 24th of April (Tuesday).

Where can you find our course textbook?
> It is online for free on [here](http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/)

When are you free during my scheduled office hours?
> Linh: Monday 11:00 - 11:45 AM ; Wednesday 4 - 4:30 PM; Friday: 4:00 - 5:00PM
> If nothing else changes from my schedule, I can make any time on Monday and Friday.
